2/5/2026

So I'm writing this prior to watching Iron Lung. but by the time you see this it'll be after I've watched Iron Lung. I'm going into this trying to remember before going into this that I am NOT watching Markiplier in a submarine. I'm watching Simon. cause I feel like going into this it's gonna be very very hard to distinguish the two of them. I've grown up watching Markiplier and I've been a fan of Iron Lung since before Mark made a game about it. so I am MORE than eager to enjoy this film, but I feel like Mark has such a presence on the internet that it's hard to seperate the face from the personality. and I had this issue as well with watching Edge of Sleep. I really really did enjoy Edge of Sleep and I liked watching it so much but I think Markiplier- at least in the first two episodes, had a hard time seperating himself from the role. no doubt he's a good actor but it took him a while to really feel like Dave. he felt like Mark. so I really have to pull at my hair to remember. "This is Simon. This is Simon. This is Simon." so yeah.
I really hope that Markiplier has handled the cosmic horror aspect of Iron Lung well. Cosmic Horror is one of my favorite genres of Horror- I feel like whats out there and the realm of what is bigger than us will be far scarier than whatever monsters exist on this planet. and it doesn't even have to be monsters. the whole "Quiet Rapture" from Iron Lung really captured me. and I've always wanted to learn more about it. so I hope that this movie not only gives us more but can really make the Quiet Rapture feel terrifying.
very excited to watch it. I don't think I've been to a sit down movie theater since... I was 15? I'm 21 now for comparison so like. 6 years. um anyway. the rest of what you're about to read will be me AFTER I finished Iron Lung. 

SO READ AHEAD AT YOUR OWN RISK !! THERE WILL BE SPOILERS !!!!!!!!!

alright. post Iron Lung. I loved it. lots of blood- however that goes without saying. my biggest complaint is actually exactly what I worried about. I had a hard time seeing Simon, and I instead saw Markiplier. but it wasn't as bad as I thought. I mean it had it's moments. but it was especially obvious when Simon was yelling. Mark has a really signature yell that is hard get out of your head. and that is kind of the same yell Simon had. 

otherwise I loved the movie. that is genuinely my only complaint. I think it took a lot of the Game and expanded on it, gave us more lore and more information, and I went in expecting it to kind of play out exactly like the game. and for a moment it did. I liked the opening a lot. but really not much to say there. if you've played Iron Lung you'll know what to expect in the opening.
however- the camera is an X-ray. and so you remember all those times that you'd take a picture in Iron Lung and it's a skeleton.  well if it's an X-ray... then that implies that it wasn't actually a skeleton. which was my first thoughts. and I think that was all but verbally confirmed in the movie. and that was cool. 
I think the descent into madness was wonderful. and like- as a fan of cosmic horror. lovecraftian-esque things. The King In Yellow. The Willows. that kind of horror. I think Markiplier hit the spot. it was grounded enough in reality that it didn't feel like the character got hit with an Infinite Void by Gojo, but vast enough that it really felt like Cosmic Horror. and the entire time the film repeats "This is bigger than us" and that's it. THAT'S cosmic horror. when the threat is bigger than us. so much so that it drives us into madness.

I don't know I want to talk more about it but I don't wanna spoil anything else. I think everyone should go in and watch this movie it is incredible and deserving of all the praise and critisism it gets. forget Markiplier if he wasn't apart of this movie it would have been just as good. that's how good it was. because I'm sure the reason it became a success was because he's markiplier. but if he wasn't- I think this movie would have been just as good. 

that's all from me. have a wonderful day everyone. I added 1 new art thing and it's just a redesign I did of bass from Mega Man. but idk. Go Watch Iron Lung. it's really really good