In my constant obsession with the fiction Trinity known as "The Flesh, The Machine, The Divine" I've come to the conclusion a long time ago that all pieces of fiction can be made up of 1, 2, or 3 of these.
And you can sort of organize all of fiction in this way. 

What I haven't realized until recently is how so many pieces of media
Machine is often used to Fight off the Divine
Which seems obvious now that I'm stating it but it's become such a staple of Fiction that it is obvious.
Flesh can't touch the divine and so we have machines to do that for us.

I mean hell, while it's not framed in the same light as "Robots fighting Angels" The Library of Babel IS a Construct meant for Defying God.
so these themes have existed for WHO KNOWS how long. Man Made constructs meant to stand high to reach out and touch god. no. not touch god. Punch God in the face. Insult god within spitting distance. 

And nowhere is this more prominent than in Mecha Fantasy.
Evangelion is I think a very literal representation of this
Giant Machines made to literally kill Divine beings. Literal Towers meant to kill gods. 
Because at the end of the day that is what a Mech is. a giant tower equipped to kill a god. to kill other mechs. to kill us. 

Because really at the end of it any machine made to kill a god can very well be used to kill each other. and this also seems to be a reoccurring theme in a lot of media with god slaying weapons. and without spoiling Evangelion that is the very case. 
Man Kind simply cannot use a weapon meant to kill something greater than it. that kind of power isn't one we should hold

in fiction whenever Flesh can kill the Divine there is almost always a punishment. 
and my favorite kind of punishment is the romaticization of the Machine.
When the Machine becomes worshipped as a god. when the machine becomes normalized. when the super weapon becomes boring. 

Don't we live in this time? we live in a world where super weapons are boring. we have them. no doubt we do. and we forget about them. chances are we will never be the one to flip the switch. the switch that makes us god. 
The creator of the atomic bomb famously quoted the Bhagavad Gita "I have become death. destroyer of worlds." 
But they weren't talking about just themselves. they were talking about man kind. we have become gods of death. we've forever entered an era where we can wipe each other out in an instant. and that isn't scary. I mean it's scary when you really think about it but it doesn't stop us from living on.

one of Miyazaki's earliest films was "God Warrior" which is interesting to think about in context with the rest of Studio Ghibli movies. and it seemed to kick of Miyazaki's obsession with air ships. and this is very unfortunate and Miyazaki knew this. he has always been anti-war and this is always reflective in their films. but they draw planes and air crafts meant for war with such incredible detail that you'd think they are in love with them. 

in their 2013 film "The Wind Rises" I think they realized this. it follows a man who loved to design planes, so much so that they never realized that these planes they were designing were the very same planes japan was going to use in WWII. or. he did know that. but he loved his craft so much he was willing to ignore it.
and there is an unfortunate and heart breaking truth behind this film. Miyazaki's father worked in a factory to design planes used for WWII. those very same planes lead to the unfortunate loss of Miyazaki's mother. in a way the protagonist of "The Wind Rises" can be a parallel to NOT Miyazaki's father. but to Miyazaki themselves. and their obsession with creation despite the meaning behind it.

to be Flesh is to be grounded. but this won't stop us from building machines to fly. from building machines so we can see God face to face.

A Mecha in a lot of ways is an Inverted Cathedral. a structure not meant for worship of god. but as a war ship against god.